{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1)write a program which prints all permutations of [1,2,3]\
\
2)write a program which accepts a string from console and print the characters that have even indexes.\
Example:\
\
If the following string is given as input to the program:\
\
H1e2l3l4o5w6o7r8l9d\
\
Then, the output of the program should be:\
\
Helloworld\
\
3)write a program which count and print the numbers of each character in a string input by console.\
\
Example:\
\
If the following string is given as input to the program:\
\
abcdefgabc\
\
Then, the output of the program should be:\
a,2\
c,2\
b,2\
e,1\
d,1\
g,1\
f,1\
\
4)With a given list [12,24,35,24,88,120,155,88,120,155], write a program to print this list after removing all duplicate values with original order reserved.\
\
5)With two given lists [1,3,6,78,35,55] and [12,24,35,24,88,120,155], write a program to make a list whose elements are intersection of the above given lists.\
\
6)please write a program to print the list after removing the value 24 in [12,24,35,24,88,120,155].\
\
7)comprehension, please write a program to print the list after removing the 0th,4th,5th numbers in [12,24,35,70,88,120,155].\
\
8)please write a program to print the list after removing delete numbers which are divisible by 5 and 7 in [12,24,35,70,88,120,155].\
\
9)write a program to print the list after removing delete even numbers in [5,6,77,45,22,12,24].\
\
10)write assert statements to verify that every number in the list [2,4,6,8] is even.\
\
11)write a program using generator to print the numbers which can be divisible by 5 and 7 between 0 and n in comma separated form while n is input by console.\
\
Example:\
\
If the following n is given as input to the program:\
\
100\
\
Then, the output of the program should be:\
\
0,35,70\
\
12)write a program using list comprehension to print the Fibonacci Sequence in comma separated form with a given n input by console.\
\
Example:\
\
If the following n is given as input to the program:\
7\
Then, the output of the program should be:\
0,1,1,2,3,5,8,13\
\
13)Write a program to compute 1/2+2/3+3/4+...+n/n+1 with a given n input by console (n>0).\
\
14)Given an integer, , perform the following conditional actions:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If is odd, print Weird\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If is even and in the inclusive range of to , print Not Weird\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If is even and in the inclusive range of to , print Weird\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If is even and greater than , print Not Weird\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
15)Given the participants' score sheet for your University Sports Day, you are required to find the runner-up score. You are given scores. Store them in a list and find the score of the runner-up.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Input:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 5\
2 3 6 6 5\
\
Output:\
5\
\
15)You are given a string and your task is to swap cases. In other words, convert all lowercase letters to uppercase letters and vice versa.\
\
16)In this challenge, the user enters a string and a substring. You have to print the number of times that the substring occurs in the given string. String traversal will take place from left to right, not from right to left.\
\
Input:\
ABCDCDC\
CDC\
\
Output:\
2\
\
17))You are given a string S. \
Your task is to find out if the string S contains: alphanumeric characters, alphabetical characters, digits, lowercase and uppercase characters.\
\
In the first line, print True if S has any alphanumeric characters. Otherwise, print False. \
In the second line, print True if S has any alphabetical characters. Otherwise, print False. \
In the third line, print True if S has any digits. Otherwise, print False. \
In the fourth line, print True if S has any lowercase characters. Otherwise, print False. \
In the fifth line, print True if  S has any uppercase characters. Otherwise, print False.\
\
Input:\
qA2\
\
Output:\
\
True\
True\
True\
True\
True\
\
18)Given a number N followed by N numbers. Out of these N numbers some of them are repeated. Write a program to find the number which is repeated and print the repeated number in sorted order. If no numbers are repeated print \'93unique\'94\
\
Input:\
7\
1 2 3 2 3 4 3\
\
Output:\
2 3\
\
19) Given a number N followed by N numbers. Find the largest number which can be formed from the given numbers and print it.\
\
Input:\
5\
5 6 7 8 9\
Output:\
98765\
\
20)Given a number n followed by n numbers. Find the numbers which are equal to their index value and print them in sorted order. If no such numbers are present print \'91-1\'92 without quotes.\
\
Input:\
6\
6 7 3 3 4 5\
\
Output:\
3 4 5\
\
21)Given a number N followed by N numbers. All the numbers in the given input appear twice except for one number(ie one number appears only once in the given input). Find the number which appears only once.\
\
Input:\
5\
1 2 1 3 2\
\
Output:\
3\
\
22)Given a number N followed by N numbers. Print the even numbers which are present in odd positions and odd numbers which are present in even position\
\
Input:\
7\
1 2 3 4 5 6 7\
\
Output:\
1 2 3 4 5 6 7\
\
24)Given an array of size N with both positive and negative numbers. Find two elements such that their sum is equal or closest to zero.\
\
Input:\
5\
-1 2 3 1 0\
\
Output:\
1 -1\
\
25)Given 2 numbers N and M followed by 2 arrays A and B of sizes N and M. Check if array B is a subset of array A. If yes print \'91YES\'92 else print \'92NO\'92\
\
Input:\
7 6\
1 2 3 4 5 6 7\
3 4 5 6 7 1\
\
Output:\
YES\
\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}