{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;\red21\green23\blue26;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c10588\c12157\c13725\c29804;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 1)\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use a list comprehension to square each odd number in a list. The list is input by a sequence of comma-separated numbers.\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Suppose the following input is supplied to the program:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Then, the output should be:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1,3,5,7,9\
\
2)Write a program that computes the net amount of a bank account based a transaction log from console input. The transaction log format is shown as following:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 D 100\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 W 200\cb1 \
\
\cb3 D means deposit while W means withdrawal.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Suppose the following input is supplied to the program:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 D 300\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 D 300\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 W 200\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 D 100\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Then, the output should be:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 500\
\
3)A website requires the users to input username and password to register. Write a program to check the validity of password input by users.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Following are the criteria for checking the password:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1. At least 1 letter between [a-z]\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 2. At least 1 number between [0-9]\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1. At least 1 letter between [A-Z]\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3. At least 1 character from [$#@]\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4. Minimum length of transaction password: 6\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5. Maximum length of transaction password: 12\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Your program should accept a sequence of comma separated passwords and will check them according to the above criteria. Passwords that match the criteria are to be printed, each separated by a comma.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Example\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 If the following passwords are given as input to the program:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 ABd1234@1,a F1#,2w3E*,2We3345\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Then, the output of the program should be:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 ABd1234@1\
\
4)\cf0 Write a Python class which has two methods get_String and print_String. get_String accept a string from the user and print_String print the string in upper case.\
\
5)Write a Python class named Rectangle constructed by a length and width and a method which will compute the area of a rectangle.\cb1 \
\
6)\cb3 Write a Python class named Circle constructed by a radius and two methods which will compute the area and the perimeter of a circle.\
\
7)\cf2 You are required to write a program to sort the (name, age, height) tuples by ascending order where name is string, age and height are numbers. The tuples are input by console. The sort criteria is:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1: Sort based on name;\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 2: Then sort based on age;\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3: Then sort by score.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The priority is that name > age > score.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 If the following tuples are given as input to the program:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Tom,19,80\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 John,20,90\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Jony,17,91\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Jony,17,93\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Json,21,85\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Then, the output of the program should be:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 [('John', '20', '90'), ('Jony', '17', '91'), ('Jony', '17', '93'), ('Json', '21', '85'), ('Tom', '19', '80')]\
\
8)Write a program to compute the frequency of the words from the input. The output should output after sorting the key alphanumerically. \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Suppose the following input is supplied to the program:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 New to Python or choosing between Python 2 and Python 3? Read Python 2 or Python 3.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Then, the output should be:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 2:2\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3.:1\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3?:1\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 New:1\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Python:5\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Read:1\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 and:1\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 between:1\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 choosing:1\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 or:2\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 to:1\cb1 \
\
\
9)\cb3 Define a function that can convert a integer into a string and print it in console.\cb1 \
\
10)\cb3 Define a function which can print a dictionary where the keys are numbers between 1 and 3 (both included) and the values are square of keys.\
\
11)Define a function which can print a dictionary where the keys are numbers between 1 and 20 (both included) and the values are square of keys.\
\
12)Define a function which can generate a dictionary where the keys are numbers between 1 and 20 (both included) and the values are square of keys. The function should just print the values only.\
\
13)Define a function which can generate a dictionary where the keys are numbers between 1 and 20 (both included) and the values are square of keys. The function should just print the keys only.\
\
14)Define a function which can generate and print a list where the values are square of numbers between 1 and 20 (both included).\
\
15)Define a function which can generate a list where the values are square of numbers between 1 and 20 (both included). Then the function needs to print the first 5 elements in the list.\
\
16)Define a function which can generate a list where the values are square of numbers between 1 and 20 (both included). Then the function needs to print the last 5 elements in the list.\
\
17)Define a function which can generate a list where the values are square of numbers between 1 and 20 (both included). Then the function needs to print all values except the first 5 elements in the list.\cb1 \
\
\
18)\cb3 With a given tuple (1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10), write a program to print the first half values in one line and the last half values in one line. \
\
19)Write a program to generate and print another tuple whose values are even numbers in the given tuple (1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10). \
\
20)Write a program which accepts a string as input to print "Yes" if the string is "yes" or "YES" or "Yes", otherwise print "No".\
\
21)Write a function to compute 5/0 and use try/except to catch the exceptions.\
\
22)Assuming that we have some email addresses in the "username@companyname.com" format, please write program to print the user name of a given email address. Both user names and company names are composed of letters only.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Example:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 If the following email address is given as input to the program:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 john@google.com\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Then, the output of the program should be:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 john\
\
23)Write a program which accepts a sequence of words separated by whitespace as input to print the words composed of digits only.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Example:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 If the following words is given as input to the program:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 2 cats and 3 dogs.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Then, the output of the program should be:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 ['2', '3']\
\
24)Write a program to compute 1/2+2/3+3/4+...+n/n+1 with a given n input by console (n>0).\
\
25)Please write a program using generator to print the even numbers between 0 and n in comma separated form while n is input by console.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Example:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 If the following n is given as input to the program:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 10\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Then, the output of the program should be:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 0,2,4,6,8,10\cb1 \
\
\cb3 \
}