{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red246\green246\blue246;
\red38\green38\blue38;\red15\green114\blue1;\red27\green31\blue34;\red21\green23\blue26;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c97255\c97255\c97255;
\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c0\c50980\c0;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c10588\c12157\c13725\c29804;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23780\viewh12280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1) Write a Python program to get the Python version you are using.\
\
2) Write a Python program to display the current date and time.\
\
3) Write a Python program which accepts the radius of a circle from the user and compute the area.\
\
4)Write a Python program to determine if a Python shell is executing in 32bit or 64bit mode on OS. \
\
5)Write a Python program to get OS name, platform and release information.\
\
6)Write a python program to get the path and name of the file that is currently executing.\
\
7)Write a Python program to get the current username\
\
8) Write a Python program to print the calendar of a given month and year.\cb1 \
\cb2 Note : Use 'calendar' module.\
\
9)Write a Python program to create all possible permutations from a given collection of distinct numbers.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 Original Cofllection:  [1, 2, 3]\
Collection of distinct numbers:\
 [[3, 2, 1], [2, 3, 1], [2, 1, 3], [3, 1, 2], [1, 3, 2], [1, 2, 3]]\
\
10)\cf0 \cb2 Write a Python program to find the number of notes (Sample of notes: 10, 20, 50, 100, 200 and 500 ) against an given amount.\
\
11)Program to check the prime number\
\
12)Program to print all the prime numbers in an interval\
\
13)Program to add two matrices using nested loop\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\
14)pattern program\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb2 1\
23\
456\
78910\
1112131415\
\
15)\
A\
BC\
DEF\
GHIJ\
KLMNO\
\
16)\
          1\
         32\
        654\
      10987\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 17)\cf6 \cb2 Python program to handle simple runtime error\
\
18)Program to handle multiple errors with one except statement\
\
19)\cf7 \cb2 Write a program which will find all such numbers which are divisible by 7 but are not a multiple of 5,\cf7 \cb1  \cf7 \cb2 between 2000 and 3200 (both included).\
\
\cf0 \cb1 20)\cf7 \cb2 With a given integral number n, write a program to generate a dictionary that contains (i, i*i) such that is an integral number between 1 and n (both included). and then the program should print the dictionary.\cf7 \cb1 \
\cf0 \
21)\cf7 \cb2 Write a program that accepts a comma separated sequence of words as input and prints the words in a comma-separated sequence after sorting them alphabetically.\cf7 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb2 Suppose the following input is supplied to the program:\cf7 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb2 without,hello,bag,world\cf7 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb2 Then, the output should be:\cf7 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb2 bag,hello,without,world\cf7 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
22)\cf7 \cb2 Write a program that accepts sequence of lines as input and prints the lines after making all characters in the sentence capitalized.\
\
23)Write a program which accepts a sequence of comma separated 4 digit binary numbers as its input and then check whether they are divisible by 5 or not. The numbers that are divisible by 5 are to be printed in a comma separated sequence.\cf7 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb2 Example:\cf7 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb2 0100,0011,1010,1001\cf7 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb2 Then the output should be:\cf7 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb2 1010\
\
24)Write a program, which will find all such numbers between 1000 and 3000 (both included) such that each digit of the number is an even number.\cf7 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb2 The numbers obtained should be printed in a comma-separated sequence on a single line.\
\
25)Write a program that accepts a sentence and calculate the number of letters and digits.\cf7 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb2 Suppose the following input is supplied to the program:\cf7 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb2 hello world! 123\cf7 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb2 Then, the output should be:\cf7 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb2 LETTERS 10\cf7 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \cb2 DIGITS 3\cf0 \cb1 \
}